Run the perl script to generate the blog and upload the `generated` folder to your hosting provider.

```bash
# Before running it, you must install 2 packages:
# if cpan fails, run `whereis cpan` and replace it down below
sudo cpan install Text::Markdown File::Find
perl pblogfy.pl
```

Static Blog For You - [Demo](https://su8.github.io)

Here comes pblogfy, heavily inspired by geminiBlog, Angular and single page app philosophy.

Out of the box you get:

* Cyborg theme (compiled from source code)
* Interactive search form
* In post code highlighting
* Markdown conversion (only when a blog post is requested)
* Recent Posts and Categories sidebars
* Home and Archive pages
* Operating system detection
* Service Worker caching (offline first)
* RSS feed and sitemap generated by the Service Worker on-the-fly

The blog post conversion happens on the client side (your blog visitor browser).
In 2 simple steps you can update your blog.

Step 1: Write markdown formatted post in the **markdown** directory.

markdown/hello_world.md
```markdown

---

Hello World
```

Step 2: Edit **js/config.js** to include your new post.

```javascript
var metaPool = [

    ["sane_gentoo_tips","Sane Gentoo Tips","May 5, 2016","Gentoo"]
    ["random_post3","Random post 3","May 19, 2016",""],
    [
      "hello_world",   // filename without .md extension
      "Hello World",   // Post Title
      "May 24, 2016",  // Publishing date
      ""               // Categories "1,2,3,4,5"
    ]

];
```

Step 3: `perl pblogfy.pl` and refresh your blog page and you'll see the new post.

Note that when a post is requested (link clicked), once it's parsed and converted it will be stored in the browser localStorage for next two days.

If you experiment with the source code make sure to clear the localStorage so you can preview your post changes. In the browser console type:

```javascript
localStorage.clear();
```

All of the blog logic is handled by three Javascript files:

* **js/config.js**  - Provides some metadata.
* **js/blog-engine.min.js** - The blog engine.
* **js/post-engine.min.js** - The post engine.

The engines source code are in the **dev** directory.

The source code used to compile and minify the blog theme is in **dev/css/less**. I've tweaked the theme to include only the necessary code used in the blog, so it can be inlined directly into the index.html file itself.
